and it looks like we've lost its RKO
phenomenal
Englishtown
in a sack to the solar plexus
State
whose painful
this truly is it all out
for that one Burton's in trouble
impressive suplex
so you gonna do here what's he gonna do
here
the Dominator in Orton kicks out these
competitors will always be looking to
Elise their finishing maneuver and when
that happens the complication of the
match can change in a heartbeat
justice fiery Dawei he menaced oh gosh
there's no telling how much damage that
did referee barely had time to begin
account they're great match here but if
you missed any of the matches from this
week go to wwe.com to catch up on all
the action
what an incredible suplex
Orton is so cunning so vicious witty
counters he knows exactly how to follow
them up with but the most devastating of
moves he gets the shoulder up the
tension the drama this is electric look
out